BF: handle uninstalled subdatasets more gracefully (#7430)
datalad/datalad: changelog.d/pr-7430.md

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

> - BF: handle uninstalled subdatasets more gracefully.  [PR #7430](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/pull/7430) (by [@adswa](https://github.com/adswa))

Author: ```suggestion
- BF: create-sibling-gitlab used to raise a TypeError when attempting a recursive operation in a dataset with uninstalled subdatasets. It now raises an impossible result instead.  [PR #7430](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/pull/7430) (by [@adswa](https://github.com/adswa))
```
